Update semgrep-vs-code.md with explicit mention of license (#2063)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/extensions/semgrep-intellij.md

[Semgrep](https://semgrep.dev/) swiftly scans code and package dependencies for known issues, software vulnerabilities, and detected secrets. Run Semgrep in your developer environment with the IntelliJ extension to catch code issues as you type. By default, the Semgrep IntelliJ extension scans code whenever you change or open files.

## License

> The Semgrep VS Code extension is licensed under the LGPL 2.1 license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Semgrep IntelliJ extension is licensed under the LGPL 2.1 license.
```
